
Project 2 Submission

Group Name:   Toucan
When you have completed the project, complete the following form and include it with your project. Include this file as a text file in the folder with your project when you turn it in. 

For the Checkpoint, Describe a sequence of operations to create a new account and log onto the server:

On the welcome screen, click the button labeled "New User".
Fill out the required information (username, password, and password confirmation).
If the account is successfully added, you will be brought back to the welcome screen.
If not, you will be able to try to create an account again.
Once an account has been created and you are back on the welcome screen, enter your account name and password.
Click "Sign In" to login and proceed to the dummy activity.

A functionality checklist will not be provided for the project. Treat this as you would a request from a client and identify what the client requires. 

Member 1: Kevin Pauly

Responsiblity: The opening activity and the new user activity.



Member 2: Brandon Sartele

Responsiblity: The ability to create a user. - server side
	       The ability for the user to log into the system. - server side



Member 3: Richard Brush

Responsiblity: The ability to create a user. - client side
	       The ability for the user to log into the system. - client side



Member 4 (if applicable): N/A

Responsiblity:


Provide instructions on how to reach the first editing activity if the login button is not yet functional.

User account the server-side communications is running under: sarteleb

Paths to all server-side scripts: (Such as https://www.cse.msu.edu/~carter/project2/login.php).

New User:
http://webdev.cse.msu.edu/~sarteleb/cse476/toucan/toucan-new-user.php

Login:
http://webdev.cse.msu.edu/~sarteleb/cse476/toucan/toucan-login.php

Where in the code the passive connection timeout is set (provide a script name and line number):

Not implemented in the checkpoint

Calls in the code to the server (provide a class name and function, or URL used for debugging): 

Class: Cloud.java
Functions: addNewUser(String user, String password) starts on line 114
	   loginUser(String user, String password)  starts on line 63

